Docs: Polish @wordpress/scripts README and related tutorial (#14484)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/scripts/README.md

```json
{
	"scripts": {
		"build": "wp-scripts run build",
		"check-engines": "wp-scripts check-engines",
		"check-licenses": "wp-scripts check-licenses --production",
		"lint:css": "wp-scripts lint-style '**/*.css'",
		"lint:js": "wp-scripts lint-js .",
		"lint:pkg-json": "wp-scripts lint-pkg-json .",
		"start": "wp-scripts start",
		"test:e2e": "wp-scripts test-e2e",
		"test:unit": "wp-scripts test-unit-js"
	}
}
```

It might be also a good idea to get familiar with the [JavaScript Build Setup tutorial](/docs/designers-developers/developers/tutorials/javascript/js-build-setup.md) for setting up a development environment to use ESNext syntax. It gives a very in-depth explanation how to use [build](#build) and [start](#start) scripts.

## Available Scripts

### `build`

> Transforms your code according the configuration provided so it's ready for production and optimized for the best performance. The entry point for your project's code should be located inside `src/index.js` file. The output generated will be written to `build/index.js` file. It's similar to [start](#start) script which is better suited for development phase.

Author: Yes, you are right. It should only inform that those two should be used depending on the context.

* `npm run build` - builds the code for production.

#### Advanced information

> This script uses [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) behind the scenes. It'll lookup for a webpack config in the top-level directory of your package and will use it if it finds one. If none is found, it'll use the default config bundled within `@wordpress/scripts` packages. Learn more in the [Advanced Usage](#advanced-usage) section.

Reviewer: I'd either use _"look something up"_ or _"look for something"_. In this case, probably _"it'll look for a webpack config"_.

Minor: I suggest _"the default config provided by `@wordpress/scripts`"_ rather than _"bundled within"_.

* `npm run lint:css` - lints CSS files in the whole project's directory.

#### Advanced information

It uses [stylelint](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint) with the [stylelint-config-wordpress](https://github.com/WordPress-Coding-Standards/stylelint-config-wordpress) configuration per the [WordPress CSS Coding Standards](https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/coding-standards/css/). You can override them with your own rules as described in [stylelint user guide](https://github.com/stylelint/stylelint/docs/user-guide.md). Learn more in the [Advanced Usage](#advanced-usage) section.

### `start`

> Transforms your code according the configuration provided so it's ready for development. The script will automatically rebuild if you make changes to the code, and you will see the build errors in the console. The entry point for your project's code should be located inside `src/index.js` file. The output generated will be written to `build/index.js` file. It's similar to [build](#build) script which is better suited for production usage purpose.

Reviewer: See my suggestions for `npm run build`.

* `npm start` - starts the build for development.

#### Advanced information

> It uses [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) behind the scenes. It'll lookup for a webpack config in the top-level directory of your package and will use it if it finds one. If none is found, it'll use the default config bundled within `@wordpress/scripts` packages. Learn more in the [Advanced Usage](#advanced-usage) section.

Reviewer: See my suggestions for `npm run build`.

### `test-e2e`

> Launches the End-To-End (E2E) test runner. Writing tests can be done using [Jest API](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/api) in combination with [Puppeteer API](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/blob/master/docs/api.md):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launches the End-To-End (E2E) test runner. Writing tests can be done using [Jest's API](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/api) in combination with [Puppeteer's API](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/blob/master/docs/api.md):
```

(Could've also suggested _"the JEST API"_, _"the Puppeteer API"_.)

Author: I will go with `the` form.

We enforce that all tests run serially in the current process using [--runInBand](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/cli#runinband) Jest CLI option to avoid conflicts between tests caused by the fact that they share the same WordPress instance.

#### Advanced information

> It uses [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) behind the scenes and you are able to utilize all of its [CLI options](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/cli.html). You can also run `./node_modules/.bin/wp-scripts test:e2e --help` or `npm run test:e2e:help` (as presented earlier) to view all of the available options. Learn more in the [Advanced Usage](#advanced-usage) section.

Reviewer: Minor:

```suggestion
It uses [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) behind the scenes and you are able to use all of its [CLI options](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/cli.html). You can also run `./node_modules/.bin/wp-scripts test:e2e --help` or `npm run test:e2e:help` (as mentioned above) to view all of the available options. Learn more in the [Advanced Usage](#advanced-usage) section.
```

Secondly:

> You can also run `./node_modules/.bin/wp-scripts test:e2e --help`

Should we be suggesting `npx`? I see it mentioned in `CONTRIBUTING` and `docgen` too.

Author: I would have to test it with `npx`. I guess it is possible. This can be tweaked later.

### `test-unit-js`

_Alias_: `test-unit-jest`

> Launches the unit test runner. Writing tests can be done using [Jest API](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/api).

Reviewer: See suggestions for `test-e2e`.

* `npm run test:unit:help` - prints all available options to configure unit tests runner.
* `npm run test:unit:watch` - runs all unit tests in the watch mode.

#### Advanced information

> It uses [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) behind the scenes and you are able to utilize all of its [CLI options](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/cli.html). You can also run `./node_modules/.bin/wp-scripts test-unit-js --help` or `npm run test:unit:help` (as presented earlier) to view all of the available options. By default, it uses the set of recommended options defined in [@wordpress/jest-preset-default](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@wordpress/jest-preset-default) npm package. You can override them with your own options as described in [Jest documentation](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration). Learn more in the [Advanced Usage](#advanced-usage) section.

Reviewer: See suggestions for `test-e2e`.

## Advanced Usage

> In general, this package should be used with the set of recommended config files. While it is possible to override every single config file provided, if you have to do it, it means that your use case is more complex than anticipated. If that happens, it would be better to avoid using the whole abstraction layer and setup your project with full control over tooling used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, this package should be used with the set of recommended config files. While it is possible to override every single config file provided, if you have to do it, it means that your use case is more complex than anticipated. If that happens, it would be better to avoid using the whole abstraction layer and set up your project with full control over tooling used.
```
